ProjectWorksheet.md, before:

# Project Overview

I'll be chronicling the progress of this project in this section.

12/16/2021: 
- Mapped out the Wireframe, React Architecture, and Project Versions.
- Submitted project for approval.
- Project was approved!

12/17/2021:
- Created components for Story, MonsterHistory, About.
- Made Links and Routes in the App to the aforementioned components.
- Grouped Story, MonsterHistory, and About into the Header.

## Project Description

For my final project at General Assembly (2021), I'll be doing a giant monster/Christmas themed virtual storybook geared towards younger readers. My hope is that readers will walk away with the perspective that just because something may look scary doesn't mean it's bad. In future Versions, I'll also be providing an About page.

V1 virtual storybook will have a basic setup. The user will have the option to go to the next pg or back one. Each storybook page will have its own component. Future versions might have a flip-page effect (I need to research how to do this).

This project will be front-end and it will be React-powered; however, if time allows, I also want to do an API Monsters & History component, which delves into the historicity of monsters and its impact on society and culture. I'll either find an API that does this or make my own (thinking of using Python/Django).



## Wireframes


Wireframe:
[https://i.imgur.com/8EJ8Gt4.png]

React Architecture:
[https://i.imgur.com/7JLBPks.png]

Project Versions:
[https://i.imgur.com/VlfFvoL.png]


### MVP/PostMVP

The functionality will then be divided into two separate lists: MPV and PostMVP.

#### MVP Components

| Component | Description | 
| --- | :---: |  
- App | This will make the initial data pull and include React Router| 
- Header | This will render the header include the nav | 
- CSS | Stylize | 
- Virtual Storybook | The heart of this project. | 
- After Effects/Photoshop | I'll make an original banner along with a series of animated storybook pages.
- About | I'll be providing my bio, picture, and motivation for making this project. | 

#### PostMVP Components/Other

| Component | Description | 
| --- | :---: |  
- Monsters & History | A historical deep-dive into the legends/myths shrouding monsters, and the effect its had on modern-day society and culture. |
- Monster/History Data | Third-party API OR a back-end I'll build using Python/Django | 

## Time Tracker

| Component | Priority | Estimated Time | Actual Time |
| --- | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |
- | App | H | 3hrs |  |
- | Header | H | 1hr |  |
- | CSS | H | 3hrs |  |
- | Virtual Storybook + Story Pages | H | 8hrs |  |
- | About | H | 1hr |  | 
- | Monsters & History | H | 6hrs |  |
- | After Effects/Photoshop | H | 6hrs |  |
- | Total | H | 26 hrs|  |

## Additional Libraries

I'll use Adobe After Effects/Photoshop to create original banner(s) and design the virtual storybook.

 ## Media Settings

 Mobile: @media only screen and (max-width: 480px)

 Tablet: @media only screen and (max-width: 710px)

 Desktop: @media only screen and (max-width: 1080px)

## Code Snippet


```

Commit message:

modified project worksheet, App, First Page, and Fourteenth Page, added 15th, 16th, and last page along with their images

ProjectWorksheet.md, after:

# Project Overview

I'll be chronicling the progress of this project in this section.

12/16/2021: 
- Mapped out the Wireframe, React Architecture, and Project Versions.
- Submitted project for approval.
- Project was approved!

12/17/2021:
- Created components for Story, MonsterHistory, About.
- Made Links and Routes in the App to the aforementioned components.
- Grouped Story, MonsterHistory, and About into the Header.

12/20/2021:
- Over the weekend, I went through the artwork I'll be using, and prepared one gif per page; however, due to how large each gif file is and the limited bandwidth I have at GitHub, I had no choice but to change plans.
- Instead of using gifs, I'll be relying on simple images screengrabbed from one of my personal projects.
- Main banner was successfully tested. It's the only gif.
- CSS, Header, abd Story were modified.
- Pages 1-8 were successfully made.

## Project Description

For my final project at General Assembly (2021), I'll be doing a giant monster/Christmas themed virtual storybook geared towards younger readers. My hope is that readers will walk away with the perspective that just because something may look scary doesn't mean it's bad. In future Versions, I'll also be providing an About page.

V1 virtual storybook will have a basic setup. The user will have the option to go to the next pg or back one. Each storybook page will have its own component. Future versions might have a flip-page effect (I need to research how to do this).

This project will be front-end and it will be React-powered; however, if time allows, I also want to do an API Monsters & History component, which delves into the historicity of monsters and its impact on society and culture. I'll either find an API that does this or make my own (thinking of using Python/Django).



## Wireframes


Wireframe:
[https://i.imgur.com/8EJ8Gt4.png]

React Architecture:
[https://i.imgur.com/7JLBPks.png]

Project Versions:
[https://i.imgur.com/VlfFvoL.png]


### MVP/PostMVP

The functionality will then be divided into two separate lists: MPV and PostMVP.

#### MVP Components

| Component | Description | 
| --- | :---: |  
- App | This will make the initial data pull and include React Router| 
- Header | This will render the header include the nav | 
- CSS | Stylize | 
- Virtual Storybook | The heart of this project. | 
- After Effects/Photoshop | I'll make an original banner along with a series of animated storybook pages.
- About | I'll be providing my bio, picture, and motivation for making this project. | 

#### PostMVP Components/Other

| Component | Description | 
| --- | :---: |  
- Monsters & History | A historical deep-dive into the legends/myths shrouding monsters, and the effect its had on modern-day society and culture. |
- Monster/History Data | Third-party API OR a back-end I'll build using Python/Django | 

## Time Tracker

| Component | Priority | Estimated Time | Actual Time |
| --- | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |
- | App | H | 3hrs |  |
- | Header | H | 1hr |  |
- | CSS | H | 3hrs |  |
- | Virtual Storybook + Story Pages | H | 8hrs |  |
- | About | H | 1hr |  | 
- | Monsters & History | H | 6hrs |  |
- | After Effects/Photoshop | H | 6hrs |  |
- | Total | H | 26 hrs|  |

## Additional Libraries

I'll use Adobe After Effects/Photoshop to create original banner(s) and design the virtual storybook.

 ## Media Settings

 Mobile: @media only screen and (max-width: 480px)

 Tablet: @media only screen and (max-width: 710px)

 Desktop: @media only screen and (max-width: 1080px)

## Code Snippet


```
